# Migration guide for versions 2.x.x -> 3.x.x

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->

- [Runtime requirements](#runtime-requirements)
- [Dependencies](#dependencies)
  - [`jsonwebtoken`](#jsonwebtoken)
- [Removed deprecated methods and classes](#removed-deprecated-methods-and-classes)
  - [Collaboration Whitelist](#collaboration-whitelist)
  - [Collaboration Allowlist](#collaboration-allowlist)
  - [Files](#files)


<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

This release contains a number of changes. The most notable are:

- Drop support for Node versions below 12.
- Bump `jsonwebtoken` to version 9.0.0.

# Runtime requirements

From this version, we will only support Node versions 12 and above. This is due to the fact that `jsonwebtoken` version 9.0.0 dropped support for Node versions below 12. If you are using an older version of Node, you will need to upgrade to a newer version.

# Dependencies

## `jsonwebtoken`

We have bumped the version of `jsonwebtoken` to 9.0.0 to fix a security vulnerability. If you are using `jsonwebtoken` directly, you will need to upgrade to version 9.0.0 to avoid conflicts.

# Removed deprecated methods and classes

## Box Client

The deprecated `BoxClient.batch()` and `BoxClient.batchExec()` methods have been removed, please make calls in parallel instead.

Attribute `staleBufferMS` in [`UserConfigurationOptions`][user-configuration-options] class has been removed, you can use `expiredBufferMS` attribute to set the time before we consider the token expired.

[user-configuration-options]: http://opensource.box.com/box-node-sdk/jsdoc/global.html#UserConfigurationOptions

## Collaboration Whitelist

The deprecated `CollaborationWhitelist` class has been removed, please use [`CollaborationAllowlist`][collaboration-allow-list] class instead.

[collaboration-allow-list]: http://opensource.box.com/box-node-sdk/jsdoc/CollaborationAllowlist.html

## Collaboration Allowlist

Method `CollaborationAllowlist.getWhitelistedDomain()` has been removed, now to get the allow listed domain, use [`CollaborationAllowlist.getAllowlistedDomain()`][get-allowlisted-domains] instead.

Method `CollaborationAllowlist.getAllWhitelistedDomains()` has been removed, now to get all allow listed domains, use [`CollaborationAllowlist.getAllAllowlistedDomains()`][get-all-allowlisted-domains] instead.


[get-allowlisted-domains]: http://opensource.box.com/box-node-sdk/jsdoc/CollaborationAllowlist.html#getAllAllowlistedDomains
[get-all-allowlisted-domains]: http://opensource.box.com/box-node-sdk/jsdoc/CollaborationAllowlist.html#getAllAllowlistedDomains

## Files

Method `Files.getThumbnail( fileID: string, options?: Record<string, any>, callback?: Function )` has been removed, use [`Files.getRepresentationContent( fileID, representationType, options, callback)`][get-rep-content] instead.

With this method, you can generate a representation of a file. A representation is an alternative asset for a file stored in Box. These assets can be PDFs, thumbnails, or text extractions.

Representations are automatically generated for the supported file types, either when uploading to Box or when requesting the asset.


**Useful links**
- [Get Thumbnail Representation](https://developer.box.com/guides/representations/thumbnail-representation/)
- [Supported File Types and Representations](https://developer.box.com/guides/representations/supported-file-types/)

**Example**

To get the thumbnail for a file has the extension in this list of [supported file types][representations-thumbnail-file-type], you can use the following code:

 ```js
const thumbnail = await client.files.getRepresentationContent('123', client.files.representations.THUMBNAIL);
thumbnail.pipe(fs.createWriteStream('thumbnail.jpg'));
```

For others file types, you can get the list of representations available for a file using the [`Files.getRepresentationInfo()`][get-rep-info] method, then use the [`Files.getRepresentationContent()`][get-rep-content] method to get the content of the representation.

```js
const representations = await client.files.getRepresentationInfo(fileId);
const representation = representations.entries.find((entry) => entry.representation === 'png');
if (!representation) {
    console.log('No png representation');
    return;
}
const png = await client.files.getRepresentationContent(fileId, `[${representation.representation}?dimensions=${representation.properties.dimensions}]`);
png.pipe(fs.createWriteStream('file.png'));
```

[representations-thumbnail-file-type]: https://developer.box.com/guides/representations/thumbnail-representation/#supported-file-types
[get-rep-info]: http://opensource.box.com/box-node-sdk/jsdoc/Files.html#getRepresentationInfo
[get-rep-content]: http://opensource.box.com/box-node-sdk/jsdoc/Files.html#getRepresentationContent